docs: Adding 'Troubleshooting' to the 'Migrating to devfile v2' docs (#153)
devfile/docs: docs/modules/user-guide/partials/proc_troubleshooting.adoc

> [id="proc_trobleshooting_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="troubleshooting_{context}"]
```

> = Trobleshooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Troubleshooting
```

This section describes common problems during the devfile migration and potential solutions.

.{che-prod} workspace startup failures after the migration to devfile v2

> - If a workspace fails to start after the conversion try referencing the link:https://quay.io/repository/devfile/universal-developer-image[Universal Developer Image] as the only component in the devfile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workspace fails to start after the conversion:: Try referencing the link:https://quay.io/repository/devfile/universal-developer-image[Universal Developer Image] as the only component in the devfile:
+
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[source,yaml]
----
components:
  - name: tools
    container:
      image: quay.io/devfile/universal-developer-image:ubi8-latest
      memoryLimit: 3Gi
----

> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

NOTE: link:https://quay.io/repository/devfile/universal-developer-image[Universal Developer Image] provides runtimes for various languages (including Java, Node.js, Python, PHP, Golang) and tools (including `curl`, `jq`, `git`) for development.

> - If the conversion fails with the `Error processing devfile: failed to merge DevWorkspace volumes: duplicate volume found in devfile: volume_name` this means that there are multiple volumes defined in the original devfile with the same name. Try to remove the duplicate volumes and proceed with the conversion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Conversion failures

Conversion fails with `Error processing devfile: failed to merge DevWorkspace volumes: duplicate volume found in devfile: volume_name`:: This means there are multiple volumes defined in the original devfile with the same name. Remove the duplicate volumes and proceed with the conversion.
```

> - If the conversion fails with the `Error provisioning storage: Could not rewrite container volume mounts: volume component 'volume_name' is defined multiple times` this means that the volume defined in the original devfile conflicts with a `volumeMount` propagated by an editor or a plug-in. Try to rename the volume in the defvile to be the same as the name of the `volumeMount` it conflicts with, and proceed with the conversion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conversion fails with `Error provisioning storage: Could not rewrite container volume mounts: volume component 'volume_name' is defined multiple times`:: This means the volume defined in the original devfile conflicts with a `volumeMount` propagated by an editor or a plug-in. Rename the volume in the defvile to be the same as the name of the `volumeMount` it conflicts with, and proceed with the conversion.
```
